
***

# .github folder info

The `.github` folder in this repository contains data for this repository for hosting on GitHub. This directory did not become mandatory until March 15th 2021.

This directory contains several features.

**Funding** - This funding info usually contains a `FUNDING.yml` file that links to sponsor info for this project. A folder called `/Funding` is also included, and at `/Funding/OldVersions/` contains old versions of the funding file.

**Issues** - This directory contains archives of issues I raised on this project, along with general privacy info. A brief description of the privacy policy goes as follows:

_I archive my own GitHub issues, and will not archive issues you raise without your permission. This includes replies, comments, and posts._

* A YAML file is also included that contains GitHub label data, with hexadecimal color codes, issue description, and issue titles.

* Sometimes, other YAML files are included for configuration of issues.

**Coming soon:** A separate YAML file for each issue directory that contains label data

**Discussions** - Similar to the issues directory, this directory contains archives of discussions I raised on this project, along with general privacy info. A brief description of the privacy policy goes as follows:

_I archive my own GitHub discussions, and will not archive discussions you raise without your permission. This includes replies, comments, and posts_

**SocialPreview** - This directory contains social media preview info for this repository for when you share or search for it. This makes a background appear above the repository in searches or messages, so that the profile picture of the user/organization is not shown in the preview. You can read more about it [here](/.github/SocialPreview/README.md).

That is currently it at the moment, other than the new description for this process being placed at the root of the directory (the file you are currently reading)

***

## File info

**File type:** `Markdown (*.md)`

**Original creation date:** `Thursday, March 18th 2021 at 3:18 pm)`

**File version:** `1 (Thursday, March 18th 2021 at 3:18 pm)`

**Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):** `43`

***
